# Miscellaneous

This repo contains various scripts and resources that are too small for their own repo. Most files in this repo contain inline comments which describe what they are meant for and how they are used. Below is a list of the highlights of the repo:

  - Lincfg: This is an all-in-one script which updates config files, updates native packages, updates flatpaks, performs virus scans, cleans up old files and automates other system maintenance tasks. It has support for Arch Linux, PostmarketOS and Termux and I use it to keep settings synchronized across devices. It includes several config files inline as multi-line strings. As such, it takes the place of a typical dotfiles repo and the config files in its source can be used as a reference for configuring the other utilities below. This script should be used as a reference for your own scripts rather than as is.

  - Healthcheck: A utility for checking the status of several devices and/or services in parallel. It includes built-in support for checking devices using apt or pacman via ssh to ensure that they have been updated recently. It can also be used to run arbitrary, user-configured commands. This enables new Healthcheck plug-ins to be easily added. See [ReflectiveNAS](https://github.com/ElizabethF2/ReflectiveNAS/blob/main/healthcheck.py) and [CharonRMM](https://github.com/ElizabethF2/CharonRMM/healthcheck.py) for examples.

  - GitMirrorSync: A utility for synching local sources to a git mirror. It includes support for filtering and renaming files, restructuring directories and for running CI scripts in a sandbox.

  - RNG: A user-space true random number generator and entropy calculator which dynamically detects available entropy sources and which can pull and mix entropy from hardware random number generators on the CPU and TPM, microphones, webcams, timing based sources, user input and more to generate blocks of random bytes. It is capable of being run by unprivileged users. It supports pulling entropy from arbitrary paths or from the output of arbitrary commands. The generated random bytes can be written to stdout or to a file. The generated entropy can also be piped into the kernel to improve randomness system wide. RNG supports calculating the shannon entropy for its own output, the contents of a given file and/or the output of a given command.

  - DoAllTheThings: A script for running tasks that need to be run periodically which follows a given set of rules to run the tasks when they are due and which tracks when they were last run. DoAllTheThings only runs when it's manually run by the user. As such, it's suitable for tasks which require user interaction or which are otherwise disruptive which would not work well with options such as systemd timers or cron jobs. This script should be used as a reference for your own scripts rather than as is.

  - SimpleMenu: A script which takes a list of options as its arguments. It creates a clickable TUI of the options and returns index of the option the user selected as its return value. SimpleMenu's only dependency is Python and it's designed as an alternative to more elaborate, larger TUI/GUI libraries when their full set of features isn't needed.
